add workspace create flags usage tip (#79)
daytonaio/docs: src/content/docs/usage/workspaces.mdx

    ```
2.  Wait for Daytona to create the Workspace.

<Aside type="tip">

> Below is a list with create command flags (for single-project workspace creation only) through which a custom project configuration can be set.
> - `--custom-image` & `--custom-image-user` flags for setting custom image and user. Both flags are required together.
> - `--devcontainer-path` flag sets a custom devcontainer file path and implicitly sets devcontainer as a project builder choice. 
> - `--builder` flag sets one of the available builder choices (currently: auto/devcontainer/none) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set the Project Builder at Workspace creation time using command-line flags.
These flags only apply when creating Workspaces with a single Project.

-   To use the Custom Image Builder, set both `--custom-image` and `--custom-image-user` flags.
-   To use the Dev Container Builder, set the`--devcontainer-path` flag to the Dev Container configuration path within the repository.
-   To explicitly specify the Builder, set the`--builder` flag.
    Accepted values are `auto`, `devcontainer`, or `none`. 
```
